25705: Add text about downloading updates from a secure source (#664)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/system.rst

Updates and Trains
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

%brand% uses signed update files downloaded from an encrypted source.

> This provides flexibility in deciding when to upgrade the system with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update files provide flexibility in deciding when to upgrade the system.
```

> patches, new drivers, or new features. It also allows "test driving" an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> upcoming release. Combined with boot environments, new features or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`Boot environments<If Something Goes Wrong>` make it possible to test an update
or upcoming release, then revert to a previous version of the software.
```

> system patches can be tested while maintaining the ability to revert to

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> a previous version of the operating system, using the instructions in

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> :ref:`If Something Goes Wrong`. Digitally signed update files eliminate

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> the need to manually download both an upgrade file and the associated

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> checksum to verify file integrity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
